## Overview
### Everybody's Got a Little Light Under the Sun
  Browne explores the effects that The Book of Negroes had on Blackness and surveillance and tracks the stories of escaped slaves to contemporary Black surveillance. She begins with the television show "Mantracker" to have the readers think about the history of Black escape and traces how it informs modern Black surveillance. She argues that bounty hunters and slave patrols as forms of surveillance have carried on to today's vision of how systemic forces oppress and watch Black bodies. She then goes on to explain how The Book of Negroes was the first large scale public record of Black presence in America. This book tracked Black bodies by bodily marking and descriptions and was used as surveillance on Black indiviuals in America. 
### U.S. Police Cellphone Surveillance by 'Stingray,' Mapped - CityLabntly Black neighborhoods. He argues that police departments have done little or nothing to address the civil liberty concerns that come with this type of surveillance.  
  Joseph discusses how police use widespread cellphone surveillance to spy on Americans, especially poor, black Americans. He explains how stingray phone trackers work and the effect that they've had on Black neighborhoods in Baltimore, Tallahassee, and Milwaukee. There is an astounding disparity between the use of these trackers on richer, predominantly white neighborhoods and poorer, predominantly black neighborhoods. 
### Surveillance and Social Media Archiving
  Jules created a project called Documenting the Now, whose goal is to create a free and open source tool to collect, analyze, and share Twitter data. The project was created after the protests that followed the murder of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri. Jules wants to give everyone equal access to the information, without punishing them for being activists the way that the government or police could do. Because the Library of Congress has all of this information, it could be easily asked for from law enforcement and others as surveillance.
### Everyone Watches, Nobody Sees: How Black Women Disrupt Surveillance Theory
  Harry defines surveillance as the entitlement to access, by right or by force. She describes how white people have used cultural surveillance to ignore the culture behind certain 'trends' and fail to give credit to Black women who have long been criticized for the same things that white women have decided to make 'trendy'. She discusses how the modern form of surveillance is something that stems from a type of surveillance that has existed for Black women for centuries. 
## Reflection
  These articles all discuss how surveillance disproportionately affects the Black community and traces the history of the ways surveillance has been used to silence and oppress Black people. From surveillance in the form of bounty hunters and The Book of Negroes to modern day cell phone and internet surveillance meant to target Black communities and activists, surveillance has always targeted Black individuals moreso than white. 
## Expand
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/03/06/carson-compares-slaves-to-immigrants-coming-to-a-land-of-dreams-and-opportunity/ This article documents the comments that Ben Carson made comparing slaves to immigrants seeking a better life. His comments on slaves as "immigrants who came to [America] in the bottom of slave ships" who "worked even longer, even harder for less" have attempted to delegitimize the reality of the slavery in the United States.
## Comment
  In response to Megan's third question: Stingrays aren't used for law enforcement that targets high-income and white communities because the surveillance is not meant to protect the community that it is watching, it is meant to oppress and silence it. Surveillance has never been used to protect Black people; it is meant to contorl it.
## Questions
  * Why isn't sousveillance enough to ensure that the police doesn't get away with unjust acts? 
  * How can people ensure that the clothing, hair style, etc. that they are sporting isn't cultural appropriation? Is giving credit and taking the time to research the history and culture behind the clothing, hair style, etc. enough?
  * How can you compare the shift from surveillance in the form of slave bounty hunters to drone/phone/internet surveillance, to the shift from slavery to mass incarceration?
